in which his lawyer has summoned Almost
all the staff of this house to testify
we are eager to cooperate with
justice I wish the hearing was tomorrow
Carlota let's see so eager I wasn't there
when some didn't show up to
testify and they had to postpone it until
after the summer But anyway calm down
since there is already a sentence beautiful
[Music]
very good family How are you
totally
unexpected news Marina Aznar just gave it
in La Raza I am very happy and I was not
expecting this news at all today okay
next week yes I
expected it and come on I was completely
sure that the result was going to be
this of course no way it could
be otherwise Antonio David Flores
Has won the lawsuit against the
television factory for unfair dismissal here you
have it Sálvame is sentenced to pay more than
80,000 euros Antonio David for his
dismissal the 42nd social court
of Madrid has declared his dismissal
as void for violation of his right
to honor this as I already explained Well
basically it's about the fact that they had no
reason to  They fired him from his job,
they fired him from his job, claiming
that he is an abuser, a possible
abuser, when not only is there no
sentence, there are several court orders
that have sent Mrs.
Rocío Carrasco to prison because it is not, well, and
wait until they start receiving
the sentence for the documentary that they have
done for how they have released
the reports totally closed, today I
found something funny on
Ana Rosa's program when a collaborator, I don't
remember her name. You see, that
name is an older woman, like, blonde,
when they were talking about how they had
provided evidence that Rocío Carrasco
had stopped paying the
child's medical insurance for some months, okay, a
collaborator comes out. Oh, I
would love to remember her name, but I
really don't know her, I'm
telling you, she is an older woman, like, blonde, she says,
but well, but yes, Rocío Carrasco
showed us all the documentation of how she had
paid for that medical insurance every year,
no, ma'am, no, no, ma'am,
Rocío Carrasco did not show that. Rocío Carrasco
asked her for a paper so that they could
confirm it, I don't remember if it was a Quirón or
where the doctor was, I think it was  Quirón
that she had been contracted since and
that her name was on it since 2000 since the
year I don't know what of the year the child was born
but Rocio Carrasco doesn't show you
invoices from every month of every
year it's just that it's very easy to manipulate you see
I'm not saying it's true or false
eh I'm not accusing anyone but I'm saying that the
documents are sealed that I can't
put my hand in the fire as if
those documents had shown anything
because I've said it many times
what Rocio Carrasco has shown is
nothing
absolutely nothing wet paper and that's what I'm
telling you I mean they've thrown this
man out on the street they've left him without a
job and on top of that they've put the label on him
of
not breaking the presumption of innocence
no no it hasn't been applied Me too the
presumption of innocence is when there are
doubts Okay when someone makes an
accusation then they presume innocence
before guilt okay Okay but it's not that they
're breaking the
presumption of innocence because there are doubts
and no no it's not that there are a lot of cars there are a
few  of cars where the judge
sends Rocío Carrasco to Paseo okay
because no because it doesn't count okay
anyway more than anything the sentence is based
on that in addition they have damaged her honor it
seems to me the amount now
we talk about the amount that you have
here below it seems completely
ridiculous to me the amount In total it is
50,000 euros for violation of her honor is
worth
a total smear campaign No you
know in the television factory for
six months
accusing him of an abuser accusing him of
all types of sexist violence
that exists okay
treating the worst
50,000 euros on a prime
time channel something that has had
a reach that I don't know is that I don't know if you
get to calculate the reach that it has had done
okay And that you are
sentenced to a thousand euros This is
a commercial break is that this is not
even half a commercial break is that what I have
told you many times is that the
television factory does not give a damn about complying with
the law or not it is 50,000 euros for having
violated  the honor Okay and 32,000 euros
for unfair dismissal okay what they have
sentenced him for is based on the
payment of the wages that he has not
received to date, that is, from
March until now what
Antonio David should have received if he had
continued working without stopping any of
these months
in the lie factory total that
82,000 euros 82,000 euros That's good
that it's fine but for the
television factory that is that it is not even half a
commercial break and that's what I'm telling you
these people defame you they
violate your privacy and this
cannot continue I have already said it In other words,
these types of production companies are huge well
you tell me that you have sentenced
someone a person okay a
character okay a character insults
another 50,000 euros seems like an outrage
for a person it seems like an outrage
for a person I don't know 5000 worth
5000 10,000 if what has  said is very
serious okay what yes if it is very serious
okay but 50,000 euros to the
television factory I think that this judge has not
understood the amount of money that
these people earn I mean just by blinking
we are talking about that any
program of Sálvame earns from the
calls not this one that has not with this little
contest not of we open the piggy we
open I don't know what Imagine there how much
advertising comes in not in the
breaks that we are talking about
hundreds of thousands of euros in each
program and then the sponsored ones no that
after each break Well maybe
María Patiño is recommending some
beans or advertising a mattress like
Monaco doesn't I mean you are going to give me 82,000
euros to the television factory Do you
think this is hurting him this
next week they are calling him
mistreated again Of course of course
Carlota corredera said that they were
Wishing that by the way Carlota
that nothing I
wish the hearing was tomorrow that he has
lost the trial Carlota corredera Me
I would love to have it on hand but I don't have it
now I'll look for it I'll put it on
Twitter that clip of you saying that you
were eager to collaborate with
justice wishing Well nothing Carlota that
you have lost okay the dismissal has
been unfair and that according to the
sentence that mentions Carlota
corredera to Gema López Alonso caparró
Irene Montero Adriana lastra no
incredible I'm not eager to see what happens
with the lawsuit Irene Montero
I'm crazy to know what's
going on with this she's not
suing for any nonsense I'm also
telling you let's see what happens with
her lawsuit no that the judge who is already
handling the case shows a
deliberate intention that Antonio
David would not know about his dismissal okay they
did it in public clearly to
get a profit okay to reserve the
exclusive rights to such information
if let's see
if the truth totally sincere I'm
glad that he won not only I'm
glad in fact one thing that I
was counting on I mean I had no doubts let's
always see the trials that the thing is not damn let's
see it depends on the judge something can happen
how do I interpret it like
no
but it would have been tremendous it would have been
tremendous
But sincerely I am sorry with this
with this amount of money I would have
seen more fairer because about 300 thousand
400,000 even 500,000 you will say that it will be
an outrage an outrage
this man is known in every
corner of Spain with the label of
abuser that evidently there are many
people with sense that we have not swallowed out
there okay but this man the damage that has been
done to him is irreparable like
400,000 euros 500,000 euros that will
repair you go man but at least let it
do a little bit a little bit of damage to
these people but I tell you I
think that this type of cases should not be carried out with
such enormous production companies and chains
they should be taken into account no no it is not like it
is not like you report
your boss at the butcher shop
or your boss at the shoe store for unfair dismissal no no
we are not talking about
companies that invoice millions of euros
a day crazy  of millions of euros a
day you're going to give me a damn 82,000
euros Well, nothing Well, tomorrow they'll do it
again if that's the case How many convictions do you have
at the moment How many convictions
my goodness But well, at least I'm
happy with what's possible happy that there
isn't a sentence that says that
this man is an abuser in fact what there is is the
opposite what there are are
orders that send Rocío Carrasco to walk they
send her for a walk because
her speech doesn't fit them and that yes there
is a sentence that condemns sálvame to
pay Antonio David and above all not to
pay above all there is a sentence that
sálvame has violated Antonio David's right to honor
and that the dismissal
was unfair well family I leave you
with this good news before going to sleep
Tomorrow tomorrow we will probably surely
discuss it in more depth I will try to
try to have access to the sentence if
possible to analyze the separate part
to see what they say about each testimony of
each witness no to see what
statements they have given and well for
now we are left with  This good taste
in my mouth, I would have liked it to be
more, the blow too, I tell you, but not
bad, not bad, I send you a huge hug,
family
[Music]